<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:so="urn:net:lin-k:safe-online:taglib:1.0">
<body>
<ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/template.xhtml">
	<ui:define name="title">
		#{title}
	</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="topnav">
		<ui:include src="/WEB-INF/incl/navigation.xhtml">
			<ui:param name="page" value="legal" />
		</ui:include>
	</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="content">
		<h1>Terms of use</h1>
		<p>Copyright 2006 LIN-K N.V. All rights reserved.<br />
		LIN-K N.V. proprietary/confidential. Use is subject to license terms.</p>
		<p>The following are terms of a legal agreement between you and
		LIN-K. By accessing, browsing and/or using this web site, you
		acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree, to be bound by
		these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations,
		including export and re-export control laws and regulations. If you do
		not agree to these terms, do not use this web site.</p>
		<p>This Web site may contain other proprietary notices and
		copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and
		followed. Information on this Web site may contain technical
		inaccuracies or typographical errors.</p>
		<p>Information may be changed or updated without notice. LIN-K may
		also make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or the
		programs described in this information at any time without notice.</p>
		<p>LIN-K assumes no responsibility regarding the accuracy of the
		information that is provided by LIN-K and use of such information is
		at the recipient's own risk. LIN-K provides no assurances that any
		reported problems may be resolved with the use of any information that
		LIN-K provides. By furnishing information, LIN-K does not grant any
		licenses to any copyrights, patents or any other intellectual property
		rights.</p>
		<p>LIN-K does not want to receive confidential or proprietary
		information from you through our Web site. Please note that any
		information or material sent to LIN-K will be deemed NOT to be
		confidential. By sending LIN-K any information or material, you grant
		LIN-K an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display,
		perform, modify, transmit and distribute those materials or
		information, and you also agree that LIN-K is free to use any ideas,
		concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purpose.
		However, we will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact
		that you submitted materials or other information to us unless: (a) we
		obtain your permission to use your name; or (b) we first notify you
		that the materials or other information you submit to a particular
		part of this site will be published or otherwise used with your name
		on it; or (c) we are required to do so by law.</p>
	</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="sidebar">
		<ui:include src="/WEB-INF/incl/login.xhtml">
			<ui:param name="loginComp" value="#{loginComp}" />
		</ui:include>
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</body>

</html>
